Added the content item group block and section pages with images and svgs (#1200)
carbon-design-system/carbon-for-ibm-dotcom-website: src/pages/components/content-block.mdx

| Child container 2                                          | Component    | No       | 1         | –                                           | A container area where only aside elements can be passed into.                       |

For more information, see the
[character count standards](https://github.com/carbon-design-system/carbon-for-ibm-dotcom-website/wiki/Character-count-standards).

## Ready-to-use custom block components

| Component name                                                                                     | Relationship                                                                                                                                                                                |
| -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |

> | [Content block cards](https://www.ibm.com/standards/carbon/components/card-group)                  | Content block cards is a content block that includes a content block heading, and that, in the children container, it encapsulates a card group component.                                  |
> | [Content block horizontal](https://www.ibm.com/standards/carbon/components/content-group-cards)    | Content block horizontal is a content block that includes a content block heading and group of content item horizontal elements.                                                            |
> | [Content block media](https://www.ibm.com/standards/carbon/components/content-group-pictograms)    | Content block media is a content block that includes a content section heading, an expressive paragraph and two content groups with content items.                                          |
> | [Content block mixed groups](https://www.ibm.com/standards/carbon/components/content-group-simple) | Content block mixed groups is a content block that includes a heading, an expressive paragraph and 3 content groups: a card group, a content group pictograms and a content group simple.   |
> | [Content block segmented](https://www.ibm.com/standards/carbon/components/content-group-simple)    | Content block segmented is a content block that includes a heading, a subheading, 3 content groups in the children container 1 and also an optional link list in children container 2.      |
> | [Content block simple](https://www.ibm.com/standards/carbon/components/content-group-simple)       | Content block simple is a custom content block that includes a heading, a description, a link list in children container 2, and optional media and CTA (text link with icon, or card link). |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| [Content block cards](https://www.ibm.com/standards/carbon/components/card-group)                  | Content block cards is a Content block that includes a content block heading and in the child container, it contains a Card group component.                                  |
| [Content block horizontal](https://www.ibm.com/standards/carbon/components/content-group-cards)    | Content block horizontal is a Content block that includes a content block heading and group of Content item horizontal elements.                                                            |
| [Content block media](https://www.ibm.com/standards/carbon/components/content-group-pictograms)    | Content block media is a Content block that includes a content section heading, an expressive paragraph, and two Content groups with Content items.                                          |
| [Content block mixed groups](https://www.ibm.com/standards/carbon/components/content-group-simple) | Content block mixed groups is a Content block that includes a heading, an expressive paragraph, and three content groups: a Card group, a Content group pictograms, and a Content group simple.   |
| [Content block segmented](https://www.ibm.com/standards/carbon/components/content-group-simple)    | Content block segmented is a Content block that includes a heading, a subheading, three content groups in the primary child container and also an optional link list in the aside container.      |
| [Content block simple](https://www.ibm.com/standards/carbon/components/content-group-simple)       | Content block simple is a custom Content block that includes a heading, a description, a link list in the aside container, and optional media and CTA (text link with icon, or card link). |
```
